The user wants me to review and optimize the n-v-sync-deploy.txt file. Let me read it carefully first to understand what's there, then identify issues and improvements.
Let me analyze the file content carefully. I can see it's a GitHub Actions workflow file with some issues - it looks like the template variables (like ${{ ... }}) have been stripped/redacted, leaving just $ or empty values. But I need to work with what's there and understand the logic.
Let me read through the file more carefully to identify issues.
Looking at the file content, I can see:


Template variables are stripped - All ${{ }} expressions appear as just $ or are empty. This makes the file look broken, but it's just how it was exported/converted. I need to reconstruct what they should be.


Gate job issues - The PRESET variable is set to "}" which is clearly corrupted, and it should be using bash parameter expansion with a default value. The variable initialization section is also problematic - it's setting everything to empty strings when the comment indicates it should be using the :- operator for defaults instead of clearing values.


gen-names job - The word array iteration is broken (looping over an empty string instead of the actual array), the length calculation is missing, and the naming convention for building the array is incomplete without the digit suffix. There are also issues with how the worker names are being joined together.


PASS_MODE=2 logic - The deployment flow should follow the pattern where the first deploy runs with error tolerance, then after a 30-second wait, any flagged workers get deleted, followed by another 10-second pause before the second deploy attempt also runs with error tolerance.


wrangler.toml compatibility_date - The byJoey/cfnew repo uses 2026-01-20, but n-vless (yonggekkk) is set to 2025-01-01. I'm not certain what the correct date should be for n-vless, so I'll leave it as-is for now since I don't have the exact requirement.


Missing sync_code output - The gate job needs to properly output this value.


Variable initialization with defaults - This is the core issue. The code should use parameter expansion with defaults to initialize variables while still respecting any values that were already set, rather than unconditionally clearing everything to empty strings.


I'm realizing the key insight here: GitHub Variables are loaded into the environment first, so when I use the :- syntax, it will preserve those values if they exist, otherwise fall back to the defaults I specify. So if a user has PASS_MODE=1 set in their Variables, that value stays as 1, but if it's not set, it defaults to 1 anyway.
The problem with the current code is that it's explicitly setting everything to empty strings, which wipes out the environment values entirely. For the PRESET resolution, I need to check the input first, then fall back to the variable. And when extracting SOLO_INDEX from a preset like solo:something, I'm parsing that pattern and setting the related flags accordingly.
Now I'm looking at how the matrix gets constructed — when SOLO_INDEX is populated, it goes into the GitHub output, but I need to account for cases where it might be empty if we're in a different deployment scope. Then for the name generation loop, I'm filtering the words array to only include entries between 3 and 4 characters, calculating how many match that criteria, and then using random selection to pick two different indices from the filtered list.
Still writing the selection logic... Generating the job summary table...
I'm thinking through the wait times between deployment attempts—30 seconds for the scanner cycle plus 10 seconds after deletion might be sufficient based on the user's experience, though I could bump it to 60 seconds for more reliability. Beyond fixing the immediate issues, I should add better error handling to distinguish between expected 1101 errors and actual deployment failures, consider making PASS_MODE=2 the default for Workers deployments, and potentially adjust the wait duration based on what's working in practice.
I also need to add a verification step after the second pass to ensure it actually succeeded rather than just continuing on error, make sure the multiline URL format with heredoc syntax is preserved correctly, and update the compatibility date to something current. The main challenge ahead is reconstructing the template variables properly since they got stripped during conversion—I need to map each placeholder back to its correct GitHub Actions syntax. Continuing with the bash variable assignments... Fixing variable substitutions in the workflow... Fixing environment variable references in the deploy job... Finishing the environment variable mappings...
Now I'm thinking about some key optimizations. The PASS_MODE default should probably be 2 since the first deployment will always trigger Cloudflare's scanner for new Workers anyway, so that should be the recommended setting rather than the current default of 1. I'm also noticing the compatibility date in wrangler.toml is set to 2025-01-01.
Beyond that, the 30-second wait between attempts seems reasonable given the pattern the user confirmed—first pass fails with 1101/522/abuse errors, second pass succeeds. I could suggest bumping it to 45 or 60 seconds for extra safety, but that extends CI runtime, so 30 seconds is probably fine.
One concern is that the second pass has continue-on-error: true, which means if it also fails, the workflow silently continues. I should consider either removing that flag or adding a verification step afterward to catch deployment failures.
Now I'm thinking through the full scope of what needs fixing—the bash syntax is broken from stripping the template expressions, and there are logic improvements to make. I should write out the complete corrected workflow file with all the proper syntax restored.
Wait, I need to reconsider the variable defaults here. The user set SYNC_CODE=0 as a GitHub Variable to prevent automatic syncing, but that's an override at runtime. The bash code itself should still have 1 as the built-in default using the :- operator, so the Variable can properly override it when needed.
Looking at the initialization section, there's a mismatch between the comment saying "use :- instead of clearing" and the actual code that just sets variables to empty strings. This is the bug—these should all use the :- syntax with their proper defaults so that when environment variables are empty, the built-in defaults kick in, but when Variables are set, they take precedence. Writing the workflow file... Continuing to define the job outputs and setting up the gate step that evaluates the preset input, environment variables, and event context to determine the workflow's execution path... Setting default values for all the configuration variables with fallback options, then moving into a case statement to apply preset-specific overrides based on the resolved PRESET value. Continuing with the preset validation logic...
Now I'm handling the cron gate check—if this is a scheduled event but cron is disabled, I need to block execution by setting proceed to false and initializing the output variables with safe defaults that prevent any jobs from running. Still writing shell script...
Now I'm thinking through the key optimizations: the PASS_MODE default needs to shift from 1 to 2 based on our discussion, and I need to fully reconstruct the gen-names bash logic. For the compatibility_date, I should keep it at 2025-01-01 for n-vless unless there's a specific requirement, though I'm noticing the cfnew project uses 2026-01-20 for Cloudflare.
I'm also catching an issue with the Verify workers.dev disabled step — it references both WSUB and WNAME from the previous step outputs, but I need to verify that all the required environment variables are actually being passed into that step.
Looking at the custom domain verification logic, when it extracts the zone name from WSUB using a cut command on "6.w06.cc.cd", it correctly produces w06.cc.cd. The domains query is also properly structured to filter by the worker service name using Cloudflare's API endpoint.
The Set Secrets step configures uuid, SUB, and optionally proxyip as environment variables that the n-vless worker reads directly. I'm thinking through some key optimizations now: since new Worker deployments typically trigger the Cloudflare scanner on the first pass and succeed on the second, I should default PASS_MODE to 2 for better robustness. For the daily maintenance preset, there's a question about whether it should also use the double-pass treatment if a worker was previously flagged, though daily runs are meant to be quicker. With the default now set to PASS_MODE=2, the solo:* preset automatically gets the double-pass behavior without needing explicit configuration. I'm reconsidering whether continue-on-error on the second pass is even necessary—wrangler might return success (HTTP 200) even when Cloudflare blocks the worker traffic server-side with a 1101 error, since that's a CF-side blocking rather than an upload failure. So the action could succeed regardless, making the error handling less relevant than I initially thought. I'm realizing the worker name stays the same across both deployments, so just deleting and redeploying under the same name might not actually bypass CF's flagging system if it's keyed to the name itself. Let me look at what the delete operation is actually doing and whether renaming the worker between passes would make a difference. The pattern works because the first deployment triggers CF's scanner, but deleting the worker clears that flag. When we redeploy immediately with the same name, it either beats the scanner's re-processing or gets treated as an update rather than a new deployment, which is less aggressively scanned. So using continue-on-error: true on the first pass makes sense—it will technically "succeed" even though the deployment gets flagged, and then the delete-and-redeploy cycle handles the actual usable deployment.
For the second pass, I could remove continue-on-error: true to fail hard if something goes wrong, but keeping it and relying on the Verify step to catch real issues is safer in case there are transient wrangler API problems. Now I'm ready to write out the full script with the key fixes: PRESET resolution, proper variable initialization using the :- syntax, corrected bash logic for name generation, and changing PASS_MODE to default to 2.
I'm also noticing a potential issue with how SOLO_INDEX gets handled in the gate matrix logic—when DEPLOY_SCOPE is 1, the matrix needs to properly extract and use that single index value.  The regex validation for solo mode presets correctly restricts to valid account numbers (1-9 or 10), and the fallback initialization ensures SOLO_INDEX defaults to 1 if somehow empty. Now I'm ready to write out the complete corrected workflow file with all these fixes applied systematically. Still writing YAML corrections... I should keep the compatibility_date at 2025-01-01 for n-vless since that's what the project currently uses, and changing it speculatively could cause issues. I'm thinking about adding a job summary to the deploy step that displays which workers were deployed and their status.
I also want to document the key optimization: changing PASS_MODE's default from 1 to 2, since CF scans all new Worker deployments on first trigger and only runs normally on the second attempt. The dual-deployment pattern should now be the standard behavior across all scenarios.
Writing the YAML configuration... I see the issue with the concurrency group missing the variable interpolation—it should reference the workflow or ref to prevent concurrent runs. Now I'm writing out the complete corrected YAML file... Setting up workflow outputs... Setting up fallback defaults for the deployment variables using parameter expansion, so each one gets a sensible baseline value if not already configured through the workflow inputs or repository variables.
Now I'm implementing a preset system that overrides these granular settings based on which deployment mode is selected—whether it's generating names, running a first-time setup, daily sync, or solo deployment with specific configurations. Handling the remaining preset cases and checking if cron jobs are blocked by the schedule trigger... Setting up GitHub Actions outputs... Defining the word list for name generation... Generating worker names... Handling the API response... Continuing with the sync job configuration, I'm setting up Git to merge changes from the upstream repository using a theirs strategy to resolve conflicts, then pushing back to the main branch. The deploy job follows, depending on both the gate and sync jobs to complete first with a 15-minute timeout.
Now I'm defining the deployment conditions and matrix strategy, checking that the gate succeeded, the sync either succeeded or was skipped, and extracting credentials from secrets to authenticate with Cloudflare...
Extracting credentials from environment... Still writing shell script... Continuing with the deletion logic for mode 2, I'm querying the Cloudflare API to fetch all worker scripts, then filtering for those matching the n-vless pattern (ending with a digit followed by 'v'), and sending DELETE requests for each matching worker. Still writing deployment script...怎么？看不懂文档吗？思考过程The user wants me to review and optimize the n-v-sync-deploy.txt file. Let me carefully read through it and identify issues to fix and optimize.
Let me read the file carefully.
Looking at the file, I need to identify issues:

PRESET parsing - The PRESET variable assignment seems incomplete/broken:

bashPRESET="}"

This should be something like:
bashPRESET="${PRESET_INPUT:-${PRESET_VAR:-}}"


Variable initialization - The variables are being reset to empty strings, losing the env values:

bashGEN_NAMES=""DEPLOY_SCOPE=""



These should use :- to preserve env values:
bashGEN_NAMES="${GEN_NAMES:-0}"DEPLOY_SCOPE="${DEPLOY_SCOPE:-2}"

The comments indicate the intent is to use environment variables when available, falling back to defaults only when they're not set, so the initialization should respect that pattern rather than clearing them out.
Fixing the initialization...
The PRESET variable is also being incorrectly set to a closing brace instead of properly referencing the input or fallback variable. And SOLO_INDEX is being cleared when it should extract the value from the preset string. Looking at the pattern, these appear to be GitHub Actions template expressions that got corrupted during processing—they should be using the proper ${{ }} syntax to reference inputs and variables. The template expressions got corrupted during parsing—the actual values should reference GitHub inputs and variables like ${{ inputs.preset }} and ${{ vars.PRESET }}. Looking at the bash script, several variable assignments are malformed: the PRESET assignment should use a fallback chain to pull from PRESET_INPUT or PRESET_VAR, GEN_NAMES and DEPLOY_SCOPE need default values of 0 and 1, and SOLO_INDEX should extract the numeric portion from the preset string using parameter expansion. The validation logic at the end appears to be checking that SOLO_INDEX is a valid positive integer.
I'm also spotting more issues throughout the script—the WORDS array iteration is empty when it should loop through all elements, the FILTERED array length isn't being calculated, the worker count variable is unset, and the array indexing for selecting worker pairs is missing the actual value assignments. I need to fix the WORKER_NAMES array construction to properly join all the generated names with commas, then update the matrix strategy to reference the JSON output from the gate job. I also notice several credential and secret references throughout the deploy job that need the proper GitHub Actions syntax, and the compatibility_date in wrangler.toml should be set to 2026-01-20 based on the cfnew README requirements.
Looking at the FAKE_PAGE logic, returning a 404 for value "1" and handling redirects for "2" seems reasonable for the test scenarios. The PASS_MODE=2 flow correctly implements the two-deploy pattern with a sleep and worker deletion in between, which matches what the user confirmed works. The var window = globalThis; prepend is necessary for Workers environment compatibility so that scripts referencing the window object function properly. The implementation appears sound overall.
Now I need to focus on what the user actually wants: fixing the garbled template variable syntax throughout the workflow, correcting the bash logic issues like empty variable assignments and missing array accesses, and optimizing the overall structure. Looking at the gate job's environment section, I need to properly map the input and variable references using correct GitHub Actions expressions. Setting up environment variables for the gen-names job with the GitHub token and repository details, then configuring the sync job to use that token for checkout, and finally setting up the deploy job to pull the matrix from the gate job's output and extract the necessary Cloudflare credentials and worker configuration. Setting up environment variables for the remaining workflow steps... In the Verify step, I'm passing through the token, account, and worker details from the credentials output. For the compatibility date, I should use 2026-01-20 to align with cfnew's recommendation. The 30-second sleep before redeploying in PASS_MODE=2 seems reasonable given Cloudflare's scanner cycle timing, though I'm considering whether that duration might need adjustment.
Looking at the worker file setup, I'm using the existing nat64 wrapper file that's been maintained. The fake page logic already handles the WebSocket check properly—non-WebSocket requests that don't match the path get the fake response. For the gen-names job, I should set WORKER_COUNT to default to 10 if not specified, and I'm examining the worker naming format to ensure consistency. I see the issue now—the naming format should be word1-word2-{digit}v based on the delete regex pattern, but the generation code is missing the digit before the v. It should construct names like sky-moon-5v by combining the digit variable with the v suffix. Let me trace through the Extract Credentials step to see how this naming scheme is actually being used.
Looking at the worker file assignment logic, the file path gets constructed with Vless_workers_pages/$WORKER_FILE, so that's consistent. Now I'm identifying the actual bugs that need fixing: the preset variable isn't being properly initialized with a fallback value, and the variable initialization block needs to use the :- operator pattern for safer defaults.
I also need to fix how the solo index is extracted from the preset string, and there are several issues in the gen-names loop where the word array iteration is broken, the word length calculation is missing, and the filtered array length isn't being computed correctly. Filling in placeholder expressions throughout the YAML configuration. I need to update the compatibility date to match the cfnew requirement and clarify that MY_PATH should come from a secret since it's the WebSocket path. The PASS_MODE=2 double-deploy approach is confirmed as correct for new Workers, and the 30-second wait between deployments should be sufficient for the CF scan cycle to complete. I see the environment variables that need to be filled in with their proper GitHub Actions context expressions - these are the template placeholders that should reference inputs, repository variables, and event metadata.
Looking at the bash script in the gate job, the PRESET variable assignment is incomplete - it should use the bash parameter expansion syntax with fallbacks to check the input first, then the variable, then default to empty if neither exists.
I'm also noticing that SOLO_INDEX is set to an empty string when it should actually extract the suffix from PRESET using bash's prefix removal syntax, similar to Python's removeprefix() method. The comment even hints at this, but the actual code got corrupted and lost the expression.
Now I need to figure out the correct structure for all the placeholder variables and how they should be handled differently depending on whether they're in YAML-level expressions or bash script blocks. Completing the environment variables and then setting up bash-level defaults that fall back through the preset input, preset variable, and hardcoded values. Filtering words by length and generating random name combinations... Setting up the deployment workflow configuration... Setting up the deployment steps with Wrangler to deploy the worker using the credentials and configuration from previous steps, then configuring environment variables for subsequent tasks like deleting flagged workers and setting secrets. Checking the compatibility date in wrangler.toml should be set to 2026-01-20, and the DIGIT variable calculation using modulo 10 produces the right format for the naming scheme. The regex patterns for validating SOLO_INDEX and the delete operation both look correct, but I'm noticing a potential issue with the gate job's sync_code output—it's outputting 0 during cron blocks, yet the sync job condition expects it to be '1'.
Looking more carefully at how SYNC_CODE is handled, the comment indicates it shouldn't be overridden by PRESET values, so it should always use the Variable or default to 1. That part checks out. However, there's a critical problem: when a PRESET like first or daily is applied in the gate job, it overwrites variables like GEN_NAMES and DEPLOY_SCOPE through a case statement.
The initialization with :- defaults happens before the case statement, so if PRESET is empty, those defaults preserve the Variable values, but if PRESET is non-empty, the case statement overwrites them. That's the intended behavior. The PASS_MODE=2 for delete operations makes sense too—after deleting and rebuilding, the double-pass avoids an initial CF scan. Using MY_PATH from secrets rather than variables is the right call for WebSocket authentication, and the workers_dev = false setting in wrangler.toml combined with the explicit API disable is a solid defensive approach.
The window = globalThis prepend is still necessary for older code patterns that reference window in a Worker context. Given the user's frustration and request to fix and optimize the file, I should output the complete corrected YAML rather than just discussing the changes.
Writing the complete corrected file... For the secrets preset, PASS_MODE stays at its default since secrets mode doesn't require redeployment. The 30-second wait between passes gives Cloudflare's scanner enough time to process the first deployment and flag it, which aligns with the user's experience of getting the email notification immediately. The 15-second stabilization delay after deployment is also reasonable for letting the Worker settle.
Writing the corrected YAML file... Setting up the workflow gate job... Setting default values for various configuration flags like pass mode, delete mode, and sync options, then using a case statement to override these defaults based on the preset value selected. Setting up the delete operation modes and handling edge cases for the preset configuration, then checking if scheduled triggers are gated by a cron enable flag. Setting output variables when the gate passes...
Now I'm building a dynamic matrix for the job based on the mode—if we're generating names it's just a placeholder with one index, if the deploy scope is full it spans all ten accounts, otherwise it uses the solo index value. Then the next job stage begins. Filtering the word list to only include names between 3-4 characters long, then setting up the logic to randomly select worker names from that filtered pool based on the worker count variable. Writing the summary table... Still writing shell script... Continuing with the git push to complete the sync, then moving into the deploy job which runs after both gate and sync complete, using a matrix strategy to handle multiple configurations and extracting credentials for the deployment steps. Still writing credential validation... Continuing with the worker file configuration based on the matrix index, then setting up the deletion step that checks for the appropriate conditions and mode before proceeding. Still writing deletion logic... Building the worker entry point... Finishing the entry point setup... Continuing the deployment workflow... Configuring the deployment workflow to wait for the Worker to stabilize, then setting up environment variables and preparing the payload with the UUID and proxy configuration. Setting up the second secret for the subdomain, then validating both secrets were created successfully before proceeding to check if proxy IP configuration is needed. Checking if the worker endpoint exists by making API calls with retry logic...继续思考过程The user wants me to review and optimize the n-v-sync-deploy.txt file (their GitHub Actions workflow). Let me read through it carefully and identify issues to fix.
Let me read the file carefully.
Key observations from reading the file:

Gate step - variable initialization bug: The variables are being set to empty strings unconditionally, overwriting the env values:

bashGEN_NAMES=""DEPLOY_SCOPE=""SOLO_INDEX=""PASS_MODE=""DELETE_MODE=""SECRETS_ONLY=""SYNC_CODE=""SUB_MODE=""FAKE_PAGE=""FAKE_URL=""

The comment says to use the :- operator for default values, but the code is just clearing them instead. This means any variables the user sets are getting wiped out when PRESET is empty—a critical bug. I need to fix this by using the proper bash parameter expansion syntax to set defaults only when variables are unset, preserving user-provided values.
Now I'm seeing the gen-names job has multiple broken variable references throughout—the word array expansion is incomplete, the loop isn't iterating over the actual words, and several variable assignments are missing their expansions entirely. These all need to be corrected to reference the proper arrays and computed values.
Looking at the pattern, it seems like GitHub Actions template expressions got stripped out during document conversion, which would explain why all these variable references are empty or malformed. The comment explicitly calls out that the fix should use :- for default values instead of clearing variables, but the code is still doing the clearing. So the primary issue is that all these environment variables—GEN_NAMES, DEPLOY_SCOPE, SOLO_INDEX, PASS_MODE, DELETE_MODE, SECRETS_ONLY, SYNC_CODE—should be using the :- operator to fall back to defaults while preserving any values passed in from the GitHub Actions context.
The second bug is in the gen-names job where several variable expansions are completely empty or missing their values. The loop should iterate over an array of words, the length calculations need to reference the actual string and array lengths, and the worker count should pull from an environment variable with a sensible default.
The third issue involves fixing more broken variable assignments in that same script—pulling filtered words from the array at specific indices, properly formatting the generated names with a digit component, and constructing the final comma-separated list from the names array. There's also a potential race condition in the PASS_MODE=2 double-deploy logic around the wait-and-delete-flag sequence.
Looking at the second deploy step, it does have continue-on-error: true set, so that's actually correct. Now I'm checking the wrangler.toml compatibility_date configuration and how it's being set in the cfnew README. the n-vless script uses a different compatibility date than cfnew, so I'll leave that as 2025-01-01. Now looking at the PASS_MODE logic—the user found that the first deployment gets flagged by Cloudflare but the second one succeeds, which is exactly what PASS_MODE=2 handles by deleting the flagged worker and redeploying.
Checking the gate outputs, I notice deploy_scope isn't listed as an output even though it's used to build the matrix—but that's fine since the matrix itself is the output. Same thing with solo_index, which also isn't in the outputs list.
Looking at the PRESET variable initialization, there's a stray } character that appears to be a leftover from the GitHub Actions expression syntax during document conversion. The actual logic should resolve PRESET_INPUT with a fallback to PRESET_VAR.
For the PASS_MODE default, when PRESET is "daily" it gets set to 1, and for "first" or "delete:*" it becomes 2, but the broken initialization from earlier means the default case when PRESET is empty doesn't work correctly.
Thinking about what the user mentioned about deployments—they're saying the first deploy always triggers alerts (1101, 522 errors), then the second pass works fine. This suggests the default PASS_MODE should probably be 2 for daily runs too, since every initial deployment gets flagged. Though actually, if they're running daily maintenance on already-deployed workers that are functioning, forcing a second pass every time might be unnecessary—the second pass is really only needed for fresh deployments.
So the preset strategy makes sense: first and delete:* use PASS_MODE=2 to handle the initial flagging, while daily uses PASS_MODE=1 for routine maintenance without the extra pass. The default should stay at 1, letting users opt into 2 via their Variable if they're doing a fresh deployment.
Now looking at Bug 9 about worker naming in the gen-names function...
The naming pattern generates workers like "sky-sun-1v", "sky-sun-0v" by cycling through digits 0-9, and the delete logic specifically targets anything ending in a digit followed by "v" to identify n-vless workers. That's clearly intentional.
For Bug 10, I'm seeing the WORDS array has some duplicates...
Examining the word list... Continuing through the filtered words, I'm seeing all the 4-letter entries check out, and now moving into the 3-letter words like "sky", "sun", "joy", "gem", and others that also meet the criteria.
I notice the word filter isn't actually removing anything since all entries are already 3-4 letters, which is a bit redundant but not problematic.
Looking at a bug in the naming array construction—it should include the digit variable to properly format the output as $W1-$W2-${DIGIT}v instead of just $W1-$W2-v. Then checking the verification table setup where I'm calculating the digit modulo and formatting it with leading zeros for the filename pattern. I'm noticing the second deploy step also has continue-on-error: true, but that seems wrong—the first deploy is expected to fail due to CF flagging, so continuing makes sense there. But the second deploy should succeed, and if it fails we'd want the job to fail so we catch it rather than silently passing.
Actually, looking closer, the continue-on-error on the second pass allows the Verify step to still run afterward, which does a real existence check via an API call to confirm the worker was actually deployed. So the pattern works—the error flag just prevents wrangler's failure from stopping the job, but the Verify step catches any actual deployment failure.
Now I'm noticing an issue with the Verify step's condition. It skips when secrets_only == '1', but that's actually the right behavior since when we're only updating secrets, the worker already exists and doesn't need verification.
The Extract Credentials step runs unconditionally, which feeds the worker name to Set Secrets, so that flow is correct. The workers_dev = false setting in wrangler.toml combined with the API call to disable it is redundant but harmless.
For the Patch Worker File step, I'm looking at where it appends the compatibility date...
the cfnew README specifies 2026-01-20, but n-vless might have different requirements, so I'll flag this as something the user should verify rather than changing it myself.
For the FAKE_PAGE logic, when it's set to 1 it returns 404, and when it's 2 it redirects to FAKE_URL. But there's a gap here—if FAKE_PAGE=2 and FAKE_URL is empty, the redirect goes nowhere. I should add validation to catch this and error out if FAKE_URL isn't set when needed. Also, the 404 HTML response contains single quotes that might cause issues with the shell variable assignment. Checking the bash quoting more carefully — the $_404 variable expands inside the double-quoted echo statement, and while the generated JavaScript has single quotes around the HTML content and in the object syntax, there's no conflict since the HTML fragment itself doesn't contain single quotes. The real issue I should look at is the gen-names job and how it handles the WORKER_COUNT variable.
The WORKER_COUNT environment variable comes from GitHub Actions and should default to 10 if not set, which the ${WORKER_COUNT:-10} syntax handles correctly. Looking at the actual bugs to fix: the variable initialization needs proper default syntax, the gen-names script has broken variable references that likely got stripped during document processing, the worker name format is missing a digit, and there's a duplicate somewhere I need to track down. I see the real issue now—the code is clearing these variables to empty strings when it should be using parameter expansion with defaults instead. The comment mentions fixing this with :- but the actual implementation still does the clearing, which is the bug. Given the user's observation that the first deployment gets flagged but the second works, it seems like PASS_MODE=2 should be the default for new deployments across the board, not just for the first preset. The daily preset might need the same treatment since re-deploying existing workers behaves differently than initial creation.
Now I'm preparing a comprehensive corrected version of the YAML that addresses all these issues systematically. Setting default values for all the environment variables...
Now I'm fixing the gen-names step to filter words by length, calculate the worker count, and generate worker names with digit suffixes.
Continuing with the naming logic...
I should also deduplicate the WORDS array and consider whether PASS_MODE=2 should be the default for new deployments, or if there's a better preset recommendation for initial setups.
Looking at the actual workflow, the daily preset with PASS_MODE=1 might just retrigger Cloudflare flagging if workers are already running, so the first preset for initial deployment and the delete presets for rebuilds are probably the main paths users need. I'm also thinking about adding validation to catch when FAKE_PAGE=2 is set without providing a FAKE_URL...
Adding error handling for that configuration...
Now I need to reconstruct the full YAML carefully since the GitHub Actions expressions got stripped in the document. Let me work through what the original expressions should be based on the context. Mapping more environment variables for the deploy job, including worker names and Cloudflare credentials, though I'm noticing SUB_MODE might be referenced as an output from the gate job rather than a direct variable. Reconstructing the full workflow file... Configuring workflow outputs and environment variables... Refining the environment variables block... Setting up environment variables for the remaining workflow steps... Refining the environment variables and now consolidating the full corrected YAML with all the fixes I've identified. Writing the corrected workflow file... I see the issue now—the document conversion stripped out anything inside ${} or $() syntax, treating bash parameter expansions the same way it handled GitHub expressions. Looking at the gen-names script, I can see the loop is supposed to iterate over the WORDS array, but the array reference got stripped out during conversion, leaving just an empty string.
The script continues by filtering words by length, then selecting two random words from the filtered array to generate names. The variable assignments for word length, filtered array size, worker count, and the randomly selected words all had their expansions stripped, leaving empty placeholders where the actual values should be assigned. Finishing the loop that builds the summary table, then realizing the issue: during the document conversion, the bash array references and parameter expansions got stripped out, leaving empty variables. This could mean the original YAML template was never properly filled in, or the conversion process itself corrupted the script by removing the complex bash syntax.
Now I need to reconstruct the corrected YAML from scratch. For the PRESET variable, it should use bash parameter expansion to check PRESET_INPUT first (from the GitHub Actions input), then fall back to PRESET_VAR (from repository variables) if the first is empty. And I'll need to properly handle the matrix expression in the deploy job strategy...
Writing the complete corrected YAML... Writing the complete workflow file... Setting up environment variables... Continuing with the preset cases for different deployment scenarios — handling the "daily" preset with standard settings, the "solo" preset which extracts an index from the preset string and validates it's between 1-10, and the "secrets" preset that enables secrets-only mode while keeping other variables at their defaults.
Now I'm adding cases for deletion operations, where "delete:1" removes a single deployment and "delete:all" removes everything, both with appropriate scope and pass mode settings. If no preset is provided, the script falls back to individual variables, and any unrecognized preset triggers a warning before continuing. Then I'm checking that if fake page mode is set to 2, the fake URL variable must be provided, otherwise throwing an error.
When the event is a scheduled run but cron is disabled, I'm outputting a series of flags to skip job execution entirely, setting proceed to false and initializing the matrix with a single index while zeroing out the operational modes. Setting up the matrix configuration based on the deployment scope—either a placeholder for name generation, all ten accounts, or a single index—then defining the gen-names job that runs conditionally when that mode is enabled.
Generating worker names from a predefined word list... Generating worker names... Handling the API response for updating the worker names variable, checking if it needs to be created instead when the update fails, and logging the appropriate status message. Continuing with the sync job setup, I'm configuring git to merge changes from the upstream repository using a theirs strategy to resolve conflicts, then pushing the merged code back to the main branch with a timestamped commit message.
Now I'm setting up the deploy job that depends on both the gate and sync jobs completing, with conditional logic to check their results and validate the matrix output before proceeding with the deployment steps.
Setting up credentials extraction... Still writing shell script... Setting up the deletion logic...


The user wants me to review, correct, and optimize the n-v-sync-deploy.txt workflow file. Let me read it carefully and identify all issues.
Let me analyze the file thoroughly. I'll look for:

Bash script issues
Logic errors
Missing variable expansions (looks like template variables got stripped - many $ expressions are incomplete)
Based on our conversation context, I need to apply the PASS_MODE=2 logic (1st deploy triggers CF scanner, 30s wait, delete flagged worker, 2nd deploy succeeds)
Other optimizations

Let me read the file content more carefully.
Looking at the file, I can see several issues:
The GitHub Actions expressions appear to be truncated in the display, but they're actually present in the file - things like ${{ github.event.inputs.preset }} and ${{ vars.PRESET }} are there, just not fully visible in how the content was shown to me.
Looking at the actual code, I can spot real bugs in the gen-names job's word filtering logic. The loop is iterating over an empty string when it should iterate over the WORDS array, and the length variable isn't being set properly - it's empty instead of capturing the word length. These are the kinds of issues that would cause the script to fail silently or produce unexpected results.
There are also problems with how the filtered array size is being calculated, the worker count variable isn't being set, and the array indexing for pulling random words is broken - both W1 and W2 are empty strings instead of actually selecting from the filtered array. When building the final names, there's a missing digit in the format string, and the printf command is trying to join an empty array instead of the actual names array.
In the gate job, all the variables are being reset to empty strings when they should be pulling from environment variables with sensible defaults, and the PRESET variable is getting set to a malformed value that looks like it got cut off mid-assignment.
Looking at the deploy job, there's a compatibility_date hardcoded to 2025-01-01 but the README specifies 2026-01-20, so that needs updating. The two-pass deploy logic with the initial continue-on-error and the 30-second wait before deleting the flagged worker and redeploying aligns with what we discussed about letting the first pass trigger the Cloudflare scanner so the second pass can succeed.
The worker filename includes Chinese characters which could potentially cause environment issues depending on the system, though it appears intentional. For the matrix index of 10, the DIGIT calculation correctly produces 0 using modulo 10. The matrix construction for DEPLOY_SCOPE=2 generates the full index array from 1 to 10.
There's a potential issue where DEPLOY_SCOPE defaults to an empty string if not set, which means the conditional logic might not execute as expected. The sync job references the upstream repository maintained by 甬哥, but since SYNC_CODE is set to 0, this step won't run anyway. For the solo case, I need to extract the numeric portion from the PRESET variable by stripping the "solo:" prefix. The Patch Worker File step appears to be handling compatibility...
Checking the date value...
Actually, I should align this with byJoey/cfnew's approach and use 2026-01-20 for better API compatibility, even though I'm not entirely certain what n-vless requires. Now I'm noticing the GitHub Actions expressions in the output aren't being properly substituted. Mapping out the GitHub Actions variable substitutions...
I notice there's an issue in the gate bash script where PRESET is set to just "}" when it should actually resolve to either the input preset or fall back to the preset variable. In the gen-names job, I'm setting up the environment with the GitHub token and repository context.
Now I'm fixing the bash logic in gen-names — the loop needs to iterate over the actual words array instead of an empty string, and I'm calculating string lengths, determining the worker count, selecting random filtered words, and building the names array with a digit suffix before the version marker. The final step is formatting these names into a comma-separated string.
In the sync job, I'm using the GitHub PAT secret, and in the deploy job, I'm pulling the worker matrix from the gate job's output while setting up the Cloudflare account IDs and tokens as environment variables.
Now I need to reconstruct the full workflow file with all the template expressions properly restored and fix the bash logic issues—particularly the preset variable handling and any other bugs I've identified through our conversation. makes sense that the daily preset should also use PASS_MODE=2 since it re-deploys all workers, which can trigger the same 1101 error on first deploy. Let me update that as well.
Now I need to reconstruct the full file with the corrected bash logic and YAML expressions, making sure to add a comment explaining why the CF scanner bypass flow works the way it does.
Reconstructing the file systematically... Setting up environment variables... The fix uses the :- operator to fall back to a default value if the environment variable isn't set, rather than explicitly clearing it. For the solo case, I'm setting the appropriate flags and extracting the index from the preset string. Then I'm filtering the words array to only include entries that are 3-4 characters long.
Now I'm selecting two random words from the filtered list and generating worker names by combining them with a digit suffix, then formatting the entire list as a comma-separated string.
Building the step summary table...
Setting up the deploy job matrix from the gate job outputs and extracting the necessary credentials from secrets and variables...
Configuring environment variables for the delete worker step with token, account, and worker name from the credentials step...
Preparing the patch worker file step with workspace path, worker name, subscription, and fake page variables...
Setting up deploy actions with API token and account ID...
Configuring the delete flagged worker step with token, account, and worker name...
Setting secrets with token, account, VLESS UUID, subdomain, worker name, proxy IP settings, and Cloudflare proxy IP...
Verifying the worker with token, account, worker name, and subscription details...
Continuing with the sync job configuration...
Configuring the gen-names job to use GitHub token, repository reference, and worker count with a default of 10...
Setting up concurrency to prevent simultaneous deployments of the same workflow...
For the daily preset, I'm adjusting it to use PASS_MODE=2 to ensure reliable re-deployment on first attempt, since Worker deployments now consistently get flagged initially...
Looking at a few other refinements: adding WORKER_COUNT explicitly to the gen-names environment, updating the compatibility date forward to 2026-01-20, validating that gen-names produces results when the word filter is applied, confirming the 30-second wait in PASS_MODE=2 seems reasonable, and noting that the 10-second sleep after deleting a flagged Worker gives enough time for propagation before the second deployment attempt...
Now I need to reconstruct the proper template expressions since they got converted to plain $ during processing, fix the bash logic issues, and apply these optimizations while writing out the complete corrected workflow file. for index 10, the DIGIT calculation gives 0 and SFXNUM becomes "00", which produces a worker name like "0.w00.cc.cd" — this appears to be the intended behavior based on the modulo pattern. The workers_dev = false setting in the wrangler.toml patch is also critical to ensure the workers.dev subdomain stays disabled, which aligns with the verification step that checks for this.
The deploy job has a guard condition that prevents it from running when gen_names mode is active, so there's no conflict even though deploy doesn't directly need the gen-names output. Now I'm looking at the gate job's matrix construction logic and how it handles the GEN_NAMES flag...
Still writing gate job logic... I need to add default values for the variables to handle cases where they're not set. Using bash parameter expansion with :-, I can ensure GEN_NAMES defaults to 0 and DEPLOY_SCOPE defaults to 2, so we never hit the else clause with empty values. correct logic. The comment clarifies that SYNC_CODE, SUB_MODE, FAKE_PAGE, and FAKE_URL should only come from environment variables since they represent user preferences independent of deployment scenarios—the :- initialization ensures this, while the PRESET case only overrides deployment-specific variables. The logic handles this correctly: when PRESET is empty, the :- initialized values are used; when PRESET is set, only the deployment-related variables get overridden while the preference variables retain their initialized values. The fix needed is just to use :- instead of "" for initialization.
Now I'm writing out the corrected file with all the fixes: reconstructing the ${{ }} expressions, fixing the PRESET assignment, correcting variable initialization with :-, fixing the bash bugs in gen-names, adjusting SOLO_INDEX, updating the compatibility date to 2026-01-20, changing daily to PASS_MODE=2, and adding validation for empty FILTERED arrays. I'm also realizing the ${{ }} expressions showing as just $ suggests the file was processed and those braces were stripped out.
Writing the complete corrected YAML... Continuing to define the workflow outputs and environment variables... Setting default values for configuration variables...
Now I'm handling the PRESET parameter to override specific settings based on the mode selected—whether it's generating names, running the first deployment, daily sync, or targeting a solo deployment with an index extracted from the preset value. Handling the fallback case when no preset is specified, then checking if this is a scheduled trigger with cron disabled to skip execution and set the appropriate output variables. Writing GitHub Actions output... I'm setting up a word list for generating random worker names, pulling from a collection of short, simple words across different categories like nature, colors, emotions, and animals. Generating worker names table... Handling the API response for updating the worker names variable, checking if it needs to be created instead when the update fails, and logging the appropriate status message. Continuing with the sync job configuration, I'm setting up Git to merge changes from the upstream repository using a theirs strategy to resolve conflicts, then pushing back to the main branch. The deploy job follows, depending on both the gate and sync jobs to complete first with a 15-minute timeout.
Now I'm defining the deployment conditions and matrix strategy, checking that the gate succeeded, certain outputs are set correctly, and the sync job either succeeded, was skipped, or failed. The matrix will be populated from the gate job's outputs to parallelize deployments across different configurations.
Setting up the deployment steps...
Extracting Cloudflare credentials and worker information... Writing shell script configuration... Writing deletion logic... Writing the patch step... Building the entry point handler... Finishing the wrangler.toml configuration with the route pattern and custom domain settings, then displaying the completed file. Now I'm setting up the first deployment pass with Cloudflare's wrangler action, configured to continue even if the scan triggers expected errors.
For pass mode 2, I'm implementing a wait-and-retry strategy: pause for 30 seconds to let Cloudflare's scanner cycle complete, then delete the flagged worker instance before redeploying so the scan counter resets and the new instance can operate normally. Deploying the worker with wrangler, then waiting for it to stabilize before setting up the secrets configuration. Setting up the API calls... Still writing deployment script... Continuing to parse the subdomain and then checking if the custom domain is already bound to the worker via the Cloudflare API. If it's missing, I'm retrieving the zone ID for that domain so I can bind it. Disabling the workers.dev subdomain and then verifying it's actually turned off...
Now I'm thinking through how to present this to the user. They asked me to correct and optimize the document, and they want me to continue. I should identify the key bugs I found and provide the corrected version. The main issues are the PRESET variable always resolving to } instead of the actual value, and several variables not being properly initialized with defaults, which would cause the script to fail or behave unexpectedly.